docs: Add dependency support policy (#3651)
bpftrace/bpftrace: docs/dependency_support.md

# Dependency support policy

This document outlines our policy for supporting bpftrace's major dependencies.

> Support policy for minor dependencies are done on a case by case basis, usually

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Our support policy for minor dependencies are done on a case by case basis, usually
```

at distro/user request.

## Linux kernel

> The linux kernel is bpftrace's biggest runtime dependency. The project's stance
> on kernel support is that for **cross cutting** implementation details (ie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linux kernel is bpftrace's biggest runtime dependency. Our stance
on kernel support is that for **cross cutting** implementation details (ie.
```

> something every reasonably sophisticated bpftrace is expected to depend on),

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I understand what "reasonably sophisticated bpftrace" means

Author: Oh, meant to say "bpftrace user". Let's just go with "user"?

we'll support up to and including the oldest LTS kernel still in service.

For features that have clear boundaries (eg. new builtins or helpers), bpftrace

> is free to opportunistically depend newer kernels as long as there is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is free to opportunistically depend on newer kernels as long as there is a
```

reasonable runtime fallback strategy. An error message is a reasonable fallback
strategy in this case.

> The source of truth on EOL dates and LTS kernel is https://www.kernel.org/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source of truth on EOL dates and LTS kernels is https://www.kernel.org/.
```
? - should this be plural?

## LLVM (dynamically linked)

LLVM is bpftrace's biggest build time dependency. The project always supports

> the latest LLVM release as soon as it's practical (available in CI). The
> project also supports some number of previous LLVM releases. Given LLVM's twice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the latest LLVM release as soon as it's practical (available in CI). We support some number of previous LLVM releases. Given LLVM's twice
```

annual release cadence, we have historically supported somewhere around the

> last 3 years worth. We do not provide a hard guarantee, but it's probably safe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last 3 years' worth. We do not provide a hard guarantee, but it's probably safe
```

> worth. We do not provide a hard guarantee, but it's probably safe to assume at
> least the previous year will be supported.

Reviewer: Slight change:
```suggestion
worth. We do not provide a hard guarantee, but it's probably safe to assume the versions from the previous year will be supported.
```

> to assume at least the previous 12 months will be supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to assume at least the previous year will be supported.
```

## LLVM (statically linked)

In contrast to dynamically linked LLVM, statically linked LLVM is significantly
more difficult to maintain. As a consequence, we only support a single LLVM

> release in static build configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release in the static build configuration.
```

> We do not yet have a policy on when LLVM version is changed, but the project

Reviewer: oops, missed this one:
```suggestion
We do not yet have a policy on when the LLVM version is updated, but we
```

will document any changes in the release notes.

> Please consult [static.sh][0] for the source of truth.

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be a footnote.

Author: It's not a footnote - it renders as a regular link. I usually prefer the indexed link syntax so long links don't get injected into text.

Reviewer: Oh neat. I didn't know you could do that.
